Alejandro Alvarado
CS35L
ans1.txt

1. man -k '<keyword>', use man page to find the option -k
2. cp and wc are in /usr/local/cs/bin/, use the which command 
3. X and w,
   X - a portable, network-transparent window system
   w - show who is logged on and what they are doing
   use the find command using the ? wildcard to find all single character 
   commands
4. Its gcc, by going to the directory and typing ls -la one can see 
   where the link points to
5. It will remove the set user or group ID on execution from the group, 
   g - group
   - - remove
   s - set use or group ID on execution
   Use the man page of chmod to and read the paragraphs below the start of 
   the manpage
6. find -mtime -3, go into the manpage and look at the options and descriptions 
   for the find command.
7. find / -type d -mtime -3, as before read the manpages of find
8. 18, use which find to find where find is. Then you find 
   <find/path> -type l | wc -l to get the line numbers 
   that find outputs, which is 18
9. 
10. Gets the data from the LC_* environment variables, read the manpage.
11. Buffer-menu-sort, sort-columns, sort-fields, sort-lines, 
    sort-numeric-fields, sort-pages sort-paragraphs, sort-regexp-fields,
    tabulated-list-col-sort, tabulated-list-sort
    - Used the M-x *sort Tab Tab to see all the listings. Unfortunately it 
    would not allow me to use a wildcard at the end of sort so this 
    list may not be the full list.
12. C-a - go to the beginning of the line
    C-b - move the cursor back one character
    C-c - needs to be coupled with something else, waits for further keystrokes
    C-d - deletes a character
    C-e - moves cursor to the end of the line
    C-f - moves the cursor one character forward
    C-g - cancels a command
    C-h - gives you help when needed 
    C-i - insert a tab
    C-j - return, but aligns with indentation
    C-k - kill line after the cursor 
    C-l - moves entire page to make cursor position centered
    C-m - insert new line and move where it is
    C-n - go to next line
    C-o - insert new line, but stay in same position
    C-p - move up to previous line
    C-q - insert as regular keystroke, without seeing it as a command 
    C-r - search before cursor
    C-s - search 
    C-t - switch characters
    C-u - do next keystroke a certain number of times
    C-v - move down a page
    C-w - kill a higlighed region
    C-x - waits for further commands
    C-y - paste from clipboard
    C-z - minimize emacs
13. It allows you to cancel a command midway
14. The yank function is sort of like the usual paste function
15. One difference is that the dired command seems to output the hidden
    files as well
